

```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L1.4 Core Cloud Concepts Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

True or False?

Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources via the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.
- **True**
    * Cloud Computing is a technology that allows IT resources to be delivered to end users without the need for dedicated on premise servers and applications.
- False

True or False? Cloud computing enables you to think of (and use) your infrastructure as software.
- **True**
    * Cloud Computing is a technology that allows you to think of your infrastructure as software.
- False


Which cloud service model/s are available in cloud computing?
- IaaS: Infrastructure as a Service
- PaaS: Platform as a Service
- SaaS: Software as a Service
- **All of the Above**
    * IaaS: Infrastructure as a Service, PaaS: Platform as a Service, SaaS: Software as a Service

Which of these can be utilized as cloud deployment models?
- Public: Public cloud deployment
- Private: Private cloud deployment
- Hybrid: Public and Private cloud deployment
- **All of the Above**
    * Public: Public cloud deployment, Private: Private cloud deployment, Hybrid: Public and Private cloud deployment.


True or False?, Can almost anything done with traditional IT also be implemented as an AWS cloud computing service?
- **True**
    * Almost anything you can implement with traditional IT can also be implemented as an AWS cloud computing service.
- False

True or False?

AWS is a cloud computing platform that provides a set of infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) offerings.
- **True**
    * AWS is a cloud computing platform that provides a set of infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) offerings.
- False


