```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L3.11 AWS Compute Overview Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What are the three main types of AWS compute services?
- **Compute, Containers, and Serverless**
    * Compute, Containers, and Serverless are the three main types of AWS compute services.
- Compute, Containers, and Storage
- Compute, Containers, and Networking
- Compute, Containers, and Databases

What is the purpose of AWS Compute?
- **To provide a secure environment for data processing.**
    * AWS Compute is a service that provides a secure environment for data processing.
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.
- To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.

What are the top utilized compute services?
- **EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, and Lambda**
    * EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, and Lambda are the top utilized compute services.
- EC2, ECS, and S3
- EC2, ECS, and RDS
- EC2, ECS, and CloudFront

AWS provides virtual machines (VMs) in the cloud? What are they called?
- **Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Instances**
    * Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides virtual machines (VMs) in the cloud.
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Containers
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Databases
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Storage

What is the purpose of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)?
- **To provide a secure environment for data processing.**
    * Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a service that provides a secure environment for data processing.
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.
- To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.

What is the primary purpose of Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)?
- **To provide a secure environment for data processing.**
    * Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) are used to provide a secure environment for data processing. EC2 instances launch from Amazon Machine Images (AMIs), which are effectively virtual machine templates.
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.
- To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.

AMI stands for Amazon Machine Image. What are some of the instance types grouped by? 
- family, generation, and type
- **family, generation, and size**
    * Instance types are grouped by family, generation, and size.
- family, generation, and category
- family, generation, and class

Instance types vary in several ways, including:
- **CPU type, CPU or core count, storage type, storage amount, and network performance.**
    * Instance types vary in several ways, including CPU type, CPU or core count, storage type, storage amount, and network performance.
- Power utilized, model drift, size of floor space, amount of cooling, and dimensions.

What speed does the Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) support?
- network speeds of up to 100 Mbps.
- network speeds of up to 1 Gbps.
- network speeds of up to 10 Gbps.
- **network speeds of up to 100 Gbps.**
    * Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) supports network speeds of up to 100 Gbps.

