```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L2.6 AWS Global Infrastructure Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

A Data Center is a physical location within an Availability Zone, that houses hundreds of computer systems, network devices, and storage appliances. Each AZ(Availability Zone) is typically how far from each other?'

- 100 miles
- 60 kilometers
- 100 kilometers or 60 miles
- **100 kilometers or 60 miles**
    * Each AZ is typically 100 kilometers or 60 miles apart. Think of it as a cluster of interconnected Data Centers in a specific geographic zone, that help your applications become highly available.
- 1000 kilometers or 600 miles

True or False? You can run your applications in two or more Data Centers to achieve high availability and fault tolerance.
- **True**
    * You can run your applications in two or more Data Centers to achieve high availability and fault tolerance. If there is an outage in one Data Center you can still have your service running in another Data Center.

True or False? An AWS Region consists of 1 AZ
- True
- **False**
    * An AWS Region consists of 2 or more AZs. Each AZ is typically 100 kilometers or 60 miles apart. Think of it as a cluster of interconnected Data Centers in a specific geographic zone, that help your applications become highly available. An AWS Region consists of multiple AZs and each AZ consists of multiple Data Centers.

Which AWS service uses edge locations?
- Route 53
- EC2
- **CloudFront**
    * CloudFront uses edge locations to cache content for your applications. This helps your applications to be more responsive and reduces the load on your origin servers.
- All of the above

AWS has created a large number of Edge Locations as part of its Global Infrastructure. Which of the following is NOT a benefit of using Edge Locations?
- Edge locations are used by CloudFront to distribute content to global users with low latency
- **Edge locations are used by CloudFront to distribute traffic across multiple instances to reduce latency**
    * With Amazon CloudFront, your users can also benefit from accelerated content uploads. As the data arrives at an edge location, data is routed to AWS storage services over an optimized network path.
- Edge locations are used by CloudFront to improve your end users’ experience when uploading files
- Edge locations are used by CloudFront to cache the most recent responses

A company has business critical workloads hosted on AWS and they are unwilling to accept any downtime. Which of the following is a recommended best practice to protect their workloads in the event of an unexpected natural disaster?
- Create point-in-time backups in another subnet and recover this data when a disaster occurs
- **Deploy AWS resources to another AWS Region and implement an Active-Active disaster recovery strategy**
    * Deploying AWS resources to another AWS Region and implementing an Active-Active disaster recovery strategy is a recommended best practice to protect your workloads in the event of an unexpected natural disaster. In AWS, customers have the flexibility to choose the disaster recovery approach that fits their budget. The approaches could be as minimum as backup and restore from another AWS Region or full-scale multi-region Active-Active solution.
- Replicate data across multiple Edge Locations worldwide and use Amazon CloudFront to perform automatic failover in the event of an outage
- Deploy AWS resources across multiple Availability Zones within the same AWS Region'

Which of the following does NOT belong to the AWS Cloud Computing models?
- Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
- Software as a Service (SaaS)
- Platform as a Service (PaaS)
- **Networking as a Service (NaaS)**
    * There are three Cloud Computing Models: 
        - Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) - Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) contains the basic building blocks for cloud IT and typically provide access to networking features, computers (virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space. IaaS provides you with the highest level of flexibility and management control over your IT resources and is most similar to existing IT resources that many IT departments and developers are familiar with today. 
        - Platform as a Service (PaaS) - Platform as a Service (PaaS) removes the need for your organization to manage the underlying infrastructure (usually hardware and operating systems) and allows you to focus on the deployment and management of your applications. This helps you be more efficient as you don’t need to worry about resource procurement, capacity planning, software maintenance, patching, or any of the other undifferentiated heavy lifting involved in running your application. 
        - Software as a Service (SaaS) - Software as a Service (SaaS) provides you with a completed product that is run and managed by the service provider. In most cases, people referring to Software as a Service are referring to end-user applications. With a SaaS offering you do not have to think about how the service is maintained or how the underlying infrastructure is managed; you only need to think about how you will use that particular piece of software. A common example of a SaaS application is web-based email which you can use to send and receive email without having to manage feature additions to the email product or maintain the servers and operating systems that the email program is running on. 