```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L7.12 Lesson 7 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

________________ is a serverless data integration service that makes it easy for analytics users to discover, prepare, move, and integrate data from multiple sources. You can use it for analytics, machine learning, and application development. It also includes additional productivity and data ops tooling for authoring, running jobs, and implementing business workflows. 
1. **AWS Glue**
2. AWS Athena
3. AWS EMR
4. AWS Redshift

You can doing several things with AWS Glue: You can run ETL jobs as new data arrives; you can catalog your data to quickly discover and search multiple AWS datasets without moving the data; you can use no-code ETL jobs which makes it easier to visually create, run, and monitor ETL jobs; you can explore and experiment with data directly from your data lake. All using tools such as:
1. **AWS Glue Studio and AWS Glue DataBrew**
2. AWS Athena and AWS EMR
3. AWS Glue Data Catalog
4. AWS Glue ETL

_____________________ makes it easier to visually create, run, and monitor ETL jobs. You can build ETL jobs that move and transform data using a drag-and-drop editor, and AWS Glue automatically generates the code.
1. **AWS Glue Studio**
2. AWS Glue Data Catalog
3. AWS Glue ETL
4. AWS Glue DataBrew

With ____________________, you can explore and experiment with data directly from your data lake, data warehouses, and databases, including Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift, AWS Lake Formation, Amazon Aurora, and Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS). You can choose from over 250 prebuilt transformations in DataBrew to automate data preparation tasks such as filtering anomalies, standardizing formats, and correcting invalid values.
1. **AWS Glue DataBrew**
2. AWS Glue Studio
3. AWS Glue Data Catalog
4. AWS Glue ETL

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description? Get simplified data access, ingest, and egress from numerous programming languages and platforms without configuring drivers and managing database connections.
1. Improve financial and demand forecasts
2. Collaborate and share data
3. Optimize your business intelligence
4. **Increase developer productivity**

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description?
Automatically create, train, and deploy machine learning models for predictive insights.
1. **Improve financial and demand forecasts**
2. Increase developer productivity
3. Optimize your business intelligence
4. Collaborate and share data

With the new _______________ capability in Amazon Redshift, you can reach into your operational relational database. Query live data across one or more Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) and Aurora PostgreSQL and RDS MySQL and Aurora MySQL databases to get instant visibility into the full business operations without requiring data movement.
1. Amazon Redshift Serverless
2. Amazon Redshift Data API
3. Amazon Redshift Query Editor
4. **Amazon Redshift Federated Query**

With _________________, you can use SQL statements to create and train Amazon SageMaker models on your data in Amazon Redshift and then use those models for predictions such as churn detection, financial forecasting, personalization, and risk scoring directly in your queries and reports.
1. Amazon Redshift Data API
2. Amazon Redshift Federated Query
3. **Amazon Redshift Machine Learning**
4. Amazon Redshift Query Editor