```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L3.17 Lesson 3 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What is DNS Resolution?
- It switches between two different networks.
- It is a distribution network.
- It is a network that is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud. 
- **It is the process of translating an internal name to the corresponding IP address.**
    * The DNS protocol stands for Domain Name System and it functions as a phone book where internet names are replaced for the IP addresses of the corresponding machines.

How would you connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well. Which AWS service would you use to solve this problem?
- AWS Direct Connect.
- AWS Elastic Load Balancer.
- AWS Elastic Compute Cloud.
- **AWS Transit Gateway**
    * AWS Transit Gateway is a hub-and-spoke virtual network service that enables you to connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well. AWS Transit Gateway is a hub-and-spoke virtual network service that enables you to connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well.

What AWS Service is used to provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds?
- Amazon S3
- **Amazon CloudFront**
    * Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developer friendly environment.
- Amazon EC2
- Amazon RDS

What is the purpose of a CDN?
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data processing.
- **To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.**
    * A content delivery network (CDN) is a system of distributed servers (network) that deliver webpages and other web content to a user based on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage and a content delivery server.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.

What is the purpose of AWS Compute?
- **To provide a secure environment for data processing.**
    * AWS Compute is a service that provides a secure environment for data processing.
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.
- To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.

AMI stands for Amazon Machine Image. What are some of the instance types grouped by? 
- family, generation, and type
- **family, generation, and size**
    * Instance types are grouped by family, generation, and size.
- family, generation, and category
- family, generation, and class

What is the AWS CLI?
- **A command line interface that allows you to interact with AWS services.**
    * The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) is a unified tool to manage your AWS services. With just one tool to download and configure, you can control multiple AWS services from the command line and automate them through scripts.
- A code line tool that allows you to delete Azure instances.
- A command line interface that allows you to interact with GCP storage.

What is the AWS SDK?
- **A set of libraries that allow you to interact with AWS services.**
    * The AWS SDK for Python (Boto3) is the AWS SDK for Python. It enables Python developers to create, configure, and manage AWS services, such as EC2 and S3. Boto3 provides an easy to use, object-oriented API, as well as low-level access to AWS services.
- A set of libraries that allow you to interact with Azure services.
- A set of libraries that allow you to interact with GCP services.