```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L8.10 Lesson 8 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Project ____________ exists to develop open-source software, open-standards, and services for interactive computing across dozens of programming languages.
1. **Jupyter**
2. Saturn
3. Venus
4. Mars

The Jupyter project is comprised of several projects: 
1. Jupyter Notebook: The Classic Notebook Interface. 
2. JupyterLab : A Next-Generation Notebook Interface. 
3. JupyterHub: JupyterHub brings the power of notebooks to groups of users. 
4. Voilà helps communicate insights by transforming notebooks into secure, stand-alone web applications that you can customize and share.
5. **All the above**

True or False? The Jupyter notebook is a web application that allows you to create and share documents that contain live code, equations, visualizations and narrative text. Uses include: data cleaning and transformation, numerical simulation, statistical modeling, data visualization, machine learning, and much more.
1. **True**
2. False

Amazon SageMaker is based which open source project?
1. **Jupyter**
2. Saturn
3. Venus
4. Mars

______________________ eliminates the heavy lifting of building ML models. You simply provide a tabular dataset and select the target column to predict, and ______________________ will automatically explore different solutions to find the best model.
1. **Amazon SageMaker Autopilot**
2. Amazon EC2
3. Amazon S3
4. Amazon RDS

____________________________ expands access to machine learning (ML) by providing business analysts with a visual point-and-click interface that allows them to generate accurate ML predictions on their own — without requiring any machine learning experience or having to write a single line of code.
1. Amazon Data Pipeline
2. Amazon EC2
3. Amazon S3
4. **Amazon SageMaker Canvas**

_____________________ provides machine learning developers with greater visibility into their training data and models so they can identify and limit bias and explain predictions.
1. Amazon Data Pipeline
2. Amazon EC2
3. Amazon S3
4. **Amazon SageMaker Clarify**

With ____________________, you can regularly access your data where it’s stored, transform and process it at scale, and efficiently transfer the results to AWS services such as Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon EMR.
1. AWS Data Lake 
2. **WS Data Pipeline**
3. AWS Data Lake Analytics
4. AWS Data Lake Storage