```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L4.15 Lesson 4 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Which AWS Service provides persistent block storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances?
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- **Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)**
- Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

What is meant by block storage?
- **Block storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in blocks.**
    * Block storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in byte, kilobytes, megabytes, gigabytes and so on.
- Block storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data as objects.
- Block storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in concrete containers.

Amazon S3 stores data as objects in resources that are called: _____.
- Lakes
- Files
- **Buckets**
    * Buckets, which are the fundamental containers in Amazon S3 for data storage.
- Folders

What can you store in an Amazon S3 bucket?
- **Any type of data**
    * Any type of data, including files, images, videos, and so on.
- Only text files
- Only images
- Only videos

True or False? Amazon EFS file systems can be mounted on multiple EC2 instances at the same time.
- **True**
- False

True or False? For Amazon RDS, AWS manages: 1) the underlying hardware, 2) the operating system, 3) the database engine, 4) the backups, 5) the patches, and 6) the monitoring of the database.
- **True**
    * For Amazon RDS, AWS manages: 1) the underlying hardware, 2) the operating system, 3) the database engine, 4) the backups, 5) the patches, and 6) the monitoring of the database.
- False

Which AWS Service provides NoSQL database services?
- Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
- **Amazon DynamoDB**
    * Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

Which AWS Service provides MySQL and PostgreSQL compatible relational database that are built for the cloud?
- Amazon DynamoDB
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- **Amazon Aurora**
    * Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL compatible relational database that are built for the cloud, that combines the performance and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.