```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L6.10 Amazon Athena Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

__________________ is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL. Athena is serverless, so there is no infrastructure to manage, and you pay only for the queries that you run.
- AWS Statistics
- **Amazon Athena**
- Amazon Fullbright
- Amazon S3

True or False? Amazon Athena is serverless, so there is no infrastructure to manage, and you pay only for the queries that you run.
- **True**
- False

Athena is out-of-the-box integrated with _______________________, allowing you to create a unified metadata repository across various services, crawl data sources to discover schemas and populate your Catalog with new and modified table and partition definitions, and maintain schema versioning.
- Amazon S3
- **AWS Glue Data Catalog**
- Amazon Snowball
- Amazon S3 Glacier

Amazon Athena uses _____________ with ANSI SQL support and works with a variety of standard data formats, including CSV, JSON, ORC, Avro, and Parquet.
- Amazon S3 Glacier
- Amazon S3
- **Presto**
- Amazon Elasic MapReduce

True or False? Amazon Athena is a serverless service that allows you to run ad-hoc queries on data stored in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.
- **True**
- False

You can also use AWS Glue to _______________ data sources to discover data and populate your Data Catalog with new and modified table and partition definitions.
- **Automatically Crawl**
- Create
- Delete
- Update

True or False? You can invoke your SageMaker Machine Learning models in an Athena SQL query to run inference.
- **True**
- False

True or False? You can use Amazon Athena to query data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.
- **True**
- False




