```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L9.4 Kinesis Elasticsearch OpenSearch Kibana Streaming Data Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

_________________________________ is an extract, transform, and load (ETL) service that reliably captures, transforms, and delivers streaming data to data lakes, data stores, and analytics services.
1. Amazon S3
2. **Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose**
3. Amazon Redshift
4. Amazon EMR

True of False? Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose is a fully managed service for delivering real-time streaming data to destinations such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Redshift, Amazon OpenSearch Service, Splunk, and any custom HTTP endpoint or HTTP endpoints owned by supported third-party service providers, including Datadog, Dynatrace, LogicMonitor, MongoDB, New Relic, and Sumo Logic. Kinesis Data Firehose is part of the Kinesis streaming data platform, along with Kinesis Data Streams, Kinesis Video Streams, and Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics. 
1. **True**
2. False

If you wanted to stream into data lakes and warehouses, stream data into Amazon S3 and convert data into required formats for analysis without building processing pipelines. You would use which service?
1. Amazon Redshift
2. **Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose**
3. Amazon EMR
4. Amazon S3

_____________________ makes it easy for you to perform interactive log analytics, real-time application monitoring, and website search.
1. **Amazon OpenSearch Service**
2. Amazon EMR
3. Amazon Redshift
4. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose

____________________________________ is also bundled with a dashboard visualization tool, __________________________________, which helps visualize not only log and trace data, but also machine-learning powered results for anomaly detection and search relevance ranking.
1. Amazon EMR
2. Amazon OpenSearch Service, Kibana
3. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, Kibana
4. **Amazon OpenSearch Service, OpenSearch Dashboards**

With OpenSearch Service and Dashboards you can centralize and analyze logs from disparate applications and systems across your network for real-time threat detection and incident management. this is known as _________________.
1. **Security information and event management (SIEM)**
2. Kibana
3. Amazon EMR
4. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose

True or False? Amazon OpenSearch Service is a fully managed service that makes it easy to deploy, secure, operate, and scale open source Elasticsearch and Kibana in the cloud. You can use OpenSearch Service to search, analyze, and visualize data in real time, and to monitor your infrastructure and applications. OpenSearch Service is a managed service that makes it easy to deploy, secure, operate, and scale open source Elasticsearch and Kibana in the cloud. You can use OpenSearch Service to search, analyze, and visualize data in real time, and to monitor your infrastructure and applications.
1. **True**
2. False

_____________ is a free and open user interface that lets you visualize your Elasticsearch (OpenSearch) data and navigate the Elastic Stack. Do anything from tracking query load to understanding the way requests flow through your apps.
1. Amazon EMR
2. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
3. Amazon Query API
4. **Kibana**

True or False? Kibana is a free and open user interface that lets you visualize your Elasticsearch (OpenSearch) data and navigate the Elastic Stack. Do anything from tracking query load to understanding the way requests flow through your apps.
1. **True**
2. False

True or False? You can detect anomalies hiding in your OpenSearch/Elasticsearch data and explore the properties that significantly influence them with unsupervised machine learning features.
1. **True**
2. False

Streaming data processing is beneficial in most scenarios where new, dynamic data is generated on a continual basis. Which is __NOT__ a use case for streaming data processing?
1. A real-estate website tracks a subset of data from consumers’ mobile devices and makes real-time property recommendations
2. Sensors in transportation vehicles, industrial equipment, and farm machinery
3. A financial institution tracks changes in the stock market in real time
4. A solar power company has to maintain power throughput for its customers
5. A media publisher streams billions of clickstream records from its online properties
6. An online gaming company collects streaming data about player-game interactions
7. **A retail company tracks inventory uploading data on an infrequent basis to a static website**

True or False? Streaming data processing is beneficial in most scenarios where new, dynamic data is generated on a continual basis.
1. **True**
2. False

Which is __NOT__ typically a use case for streaming data processing?
1. Queries or processing that require real-time results
2. **Queries or processing over a static data set**
3. Queries or processing over a sliding time period or window
4. Queries or processing over a growing data set

True or False? Platforms have emerged that provide the infrastructure needed to build streaming data applications including Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK), Apache Flume, Apache Spark Streaming, and Apache Storm.
1. **True**
2. False
