```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L1.13 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Which dimension of big data represents the different kinds of data that can be collected?
- Velocity
- Validity
- **Variety**
    * refers to the different forms the data can take, such as images, video, audio, and text.
- Velocity
- Volume
- Veracity
- Value

What is the process of breaking up a large data set into smaller pieces called?
- **Partitioning**
    * This is the process of breaking up a large data set into smaller pieces.
- Sorting
- Shuffling
- Mapping

True or False? Cloud computing enables you to think of (and use) your infrastructure as software.
- **True**
    * Cloud Computing is a technology that allows you to think of your infrastructure as software.
- False

AWS is a cloud computing platform that provides a set of infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) offerings.
- **True**
    * AWS is a cloud computing platform that provides a set of infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) offerings.
- False

Which of the following is a compute service?
- Amazon VPC
- Amazon S3
- **Amazon EC2**
    * Amazon EC2 is a compute service.
- Amazon CloudFront
- Amazon Redshift

Economies of scale result from _________. (Select the best answer.) 
- having many different cloud providers
- **having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud**
    * having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud
- having hundreds of cloud services available over the internet
- having to invest heavily in data centers and servers
- having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud

Where can a customer go to get more details about Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) billing activity that took place 3 months ago? (Select the best answer.)
- Amazon EC2 dashboard
- **AWS Cost Explorer**
    * Visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.
- AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
- AWS CloudTrail logs scored in a Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

True or false?, AWS offers some services at no charge, such as, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, AWS Identity and Access Management, Consolidated Billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, automatic scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. However, you might be charged for other AWS services that you use in conjunction with these services.
- **True**
    * We love Free! AWS offers some services at no charge, such as, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, AWS Identity and Access Management, Consolidated Billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, automatic scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. However, you might be charged for other AWS services that you use in conjunction with these services.
- False

