```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L5.15 Autoscaling and Monitoring Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Elastic Load Balancing is an AWS service that distributes incoming application or network traffic across multiple targets, such as:
- A. EC2 instances
- B. Containers
- C. IP addresses
- D. Lambda functions
- E Any registered instance or IP address
- A & B
- A & C
- **All the above**

True or False? Autoscaling is a feature of Elastic Load Balancing.
- **True**
- False

There are three types of elastic load balancers. Name them.
- **Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Classic Load Balancer**
- Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Compute Load Balancer
- Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Daisy Wheel Load Balancer

______________ is a monitoring and observability service that is built for DevOps engineers, site reliability engineers, and IT managers. It provides you with data and actionable insights to monitor your applications, respond to performance anomalies, and optimize resource utilization.
- **Amazon CloudWatch**
- Amazon EC2 Logs
- Amazon ELB Events
- Amazon Database Alarms
- Amazon Quicksight Metrics

With Amazon CloudWatch you gain system-wide visibility into:
- VPC traffic
- EC2 instance metrics
- S3 bucket metrics
- **Resource utilization, application performance, and operational health**

True or False? Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service that collects and tracks metrics, which are the variables you want to measure for your resources and applications.
- **True**
- False

Why is autoscaling important?
- **It allows you to scale your application to meet demand**
- It allows you to scale your application to meet cost
- It allows you to scale your application to meet security
- It allows you to scale your application to meet time

True of False? Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling is a web service that automatically adjusts the number of Amazon EC2 instances in response to changes in demand. It is a component of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) that allows you to automatically scale your Amazon EC2 capacity up or down according to conditions you define. You can use it in conjunction with other AWS services, such as Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing, to build scaling plans that automatically launch or terminate Amazon EC2 instances based on your defined scaling policies.

An Auto Scaling Group is a:
- **Collection of EC2 instances that are treated as a logical grouping for the purposes of automatic scaling and management.**
- Collection of cloud dealers in an area.
- Collection of cloud architects in an area.
- Collection of cloud engineers in an area.




