```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L2.25 Lesson 2 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```
Which AWS service uses edge locations?
- Route 53
- EC2
- **CloudFront**
    * CloudFront uses edge locations to cache content for your applications. This helps your applications to be more responsive and reduces the load on your origin servers.
- All of the above

A developer is planning to build a two-tier web application that has a MySQL database layer. Which of the following AWS database services would provide automated backups for the application?
- Amazon Neptune
- Amazon DynamoDB
- A MySQL database installed on an EC2 instance
- **Amazon Aurora**
    * Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud. Amazon Aurora combines the performance and availability of traditional enterprise databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open-source databases. It delivers up to five times the throughput of standard MySQL and up to three times the throughput of standard PostgreSQL. Amazon Aurora is designed to be compatible with MySQL and with PostgreSQL, so that existing applications and tools can run without requiring modification. It is available through Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), freeing you from time-consuming administrative tasks such as provisioning, patching, backup, recovery, failure detection, and repair. Amazon Aurora is available in multiple editions, including a free community edition, a developer edition, and a production-ready enterprise edition.

Out of the many AWS Management and Governance Services, what would you use to access the AWS Cloud from a browser?
- AWS Command Line Interface
- AWS CloudTrail
- AWS Trusted Advisor
- **AWS Management Console**
    * AWS Management Console is a web-based user interface that allows you to manage your AWS resources. You can use the AWS Management Console to access AWS services, create and manage resources, and view billing information.

Which of the following services allows customers to manage their agreements with AWS?
- AWS Organizations
- **AWS Artifact** 
    * is a service that allows customers to manage their agreements with AWS. It provides a single location to view and manage all of your agreements with AWS. You can view, accept, and sign agreements, and view your agreement history. AWS Artifact is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides customers with on-demand access to AWS compliance documentation and AWS agreements.
- AWS Systems Manager
- AWS Certificate Manager

What does the "Principle of Least Privilege" refer to?
- All IAM users should have at least the necessary permissions to access the core AWS services
- IAM users should not be granted any permissions; to keep your account safe
- All trusted IAM users should have access to any AWS service in the respective AWS account
- **You should grant your users only the permissions they need when they need them and nothing more**
    * The principle of least privilege is one of the most important security practices and it means granting users the required permissions to perform the tasks entrusted to them and nothing more. The security administrator determines what tasks users need to perform and then attaches the policies that allow them to perform only those tasks. You should start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions when necessary. Doing so is more secure than starting with permissions that are too lenient and then trying to tighten them down.

An organization has many technical employees who operate their AWS Cloud infrastructure. What does AWS provide to help organize them into teams and then assign the appropriate permissions for each team?
- **IAM Groups**
    * An IAM group is a collection of IAM users that are managed as a unit. Groups let you specify permissions for multiple users, which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users. For example, you could have a group called Admins and give that group the types of permissions that administrators typically need. Any user in that group automatically has the permissions that are assigned to the group. If a new user joins your organization and needs administrator privileges, you can assign the appropriate permissions by adding the user to that group. Similarly, if a person changes jobs in your organization, instead of editing that user's permissions, you can remove him or her from the old groups and add him or her to the appropriate new groups.
- AWS Organizations
- IAM roles
- IAM users

You have noticed that several critical Amazon EC2 instances have been terminated. Which of the following AWS services would help you determine who took this action?
- Amazon Inspector
- **AWS CloudTrail**
    * AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services. This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting.
- EC2 Instance Usage Report
- AWS Trusted Advisor

You have deployed your application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Your customers complain that sometimes they can’t reach your application. Which AWS service allows you to monitor the performance of your EC2 instances to assist in troubleshooting these issues?
- **Amazon CloudWatch**
    * Amazon CloudWatch is a service that monitors AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, set alarms, and automatically react to changes in your AWS resources. Amazon CloudWatch can monitor AWS resources such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, and Amazon RDS DB instances, as well as custom metrics generated by your applications and services, and any log files your applications generate. You can use CloudWatch to detect anomalous behavior in your environments, take automated actions, troubleshoot issues, and discover insights to keep your applications running smoothly. CloudWatch is available at no additional charge to all AWS customers.
- AWS Lambda
- AWS Config
- AWS CloudTrail