```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L1.11 Cloud Technical Support Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

For certain services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), you can invest in reserved capacity. What options are available for Reserved Instances? (Choose one set.)

- AURI, CURI, DURI
- LURI, KURI, SURI
- **AURI, NURI, PURI**
    * Pay only for the services that you consume, with no large upfront expenses, Save up to 75%.
- KAMI, DAMI, LAMI

Where can a customer go to get more details about Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) billing activity that took place 3 months ago? (Select the best answer.)
- Amazon EC2 dashboard
- **AWS Cost Explorer**
    * Visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.
- AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
- AWS CloudTrail logs scored in a Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

True or false? To receive the discounted rate associated with Reserved Instances, you must make a full, upfront payment for the term of the agreement. (Select the best answer.)
- True
- **False**
    * The No Upfront option does not require any upfront payment and provides a discounted hourly rate for the duration of the term.

There is no charge for which of the following?
- Compute or Storage
- **Inbound data transfer and Data transfer between services within the same AWS Region**
    * there is no charge for inbound data transfer (with some exceptions) and data transfers within the same AWS region.
- Outbound data transfer

What are the four support plans offered by AWS Support? (Select the best answer.)- **Basic, Developer, Business, Enterprise**
    * AWS Support provides a mix of tools and technology, people, and programs designed to proactively help you optimize performance, lower costs, and innovate faster.
- Basic, Startup, Business, Enterprise
- Free, Bronze, Silver, Gold', 'All support is free

What AWS tool lets you explore AWS services and create an estimate for the cost of your use cases on AWS?(Select the best answer.)
- **AWS Pricing Calculator** 
    * is a tool that lets you explore AWS services and create an estimate for the cost of your use cases on AWS.
- AWS Budgets
- AWS Cost and Usage Report
- AWS Billing Dashboard

As AWS grows, the cost of doing business is reduced and savings are passed back to the customer with lower pricing. What is this optimization called? (Select the best answer.)
- Expenditure awareness
- **Economies of scale** 
    * is the optimization of cost as AWS grows. The cost of doing business is reduced and savings are passed back to the customer with lower pricing.
- Matching supply and demand
- EC2 Right Sizing

True or false?, AWS offers some services at no charge, such as, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, AWS Identity and Access Management, Consolidated Billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, automatic scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. However, you might be charged for other AWS services that you use in conjunction with these services.
- **True**
    * We love Free! AWS offers some services at no charge, such as, Amazon Virtual Private Cloud, AWS Identity and Access Management, Consolidated Billing, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, automatic scaling, AWS OpsWorks and AWS CloudFormation. However, you might be charged for other AWS services that you use in conjunction with these services.
- False

When are free data transfers applicable across AWS? (Choose wisely)
- A. Free inbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
- B. Free outbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions
- C. Free inbound data transfer for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances
- D. Free outbound data transfer between AWS services within the same Region
- **Both A and D**
    * Free inbound data transfer across all AWS services in all Regions and Free outbound data transfer between AWS services within the same Region
- Both B and C

True or false?, Unlimited services are available with the AWS Free Tier to new AWS customers for 12 months following their AWS sign-up date. (Select the best answer.)
- True
- **False**
    * The AWS Free Tier applies to certain services and options.