```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L2.14 AWS Management and Governance Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

List the 6 most utilized foundational services in AWS.
- **Compute, Cost Management, Database, Management and Governance, Networking and Content Delivery, SecOps(Security, Identity, and Compliance), Storage**
  -These are the most utilized foundational services in AWS.
- Compute, Cost Management, Database, Management and Governance, Networking and Content Delivery, Robotics, Storage
- Compute, Cost Management, Database, Management and Governance, Networking and Content Delivery, Robotics, IoT
- Compute, Cost Management, Database, Management and Governance, Networking and Content Delivery, Machine Learning, IoT

What is the name of the AWS service that allows you to create a virtual private network?
- **Virtual Private Cloud**
  - This is the name of the AWS service that allows you to create a virtual private network.
- Virtual Private Network
- Virtual Private Cloud Network
- Virtual Private Cloud Network Service 

Which service provides object-level storage in AWS?
- **Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)**
  - This service provides object-level storage in AWS.
- Sample Storage Service Object
- Amazon EBS
- Amazon EFS

Which compute service allows you to run code without thinking about servers?
- AWS Private Cloud
- AWS Training Link
- AWS Elastic Beanstalk
- **AWS Lambda**
  - This compute service allows you to run code without thinking about servers.

Which of the following is __NOT__ a relational database?
- Amazon Aurora
- **Amazon DynamoDB**
  - This is not a relational database.
- MariaDB
- MySQL

What is the AWS service that provides a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account?
- AWS Dedicated Hosts
- AWS VPN
- AWS Subnets
- **Amazon VPC**
  - This is the AWS service that provides a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account.

Which AWS service allows you to access comprehensive cost and usage information?
- **AWS Cost and Usage Report**
  - This AWS service allows you to access comprehensive cost and usage information.
- AWS Budgets
- Savings Plans
- AWS Config

What do you gain from setting up consolidated billing for five different AWS accounts under another master account?
- **Each AWS account gets volume discounts**
  - AWS consolidated billing enables an organization to consolidate payments for multiple AWS accounts within a single organization by making a single paying account. For billing purposes, AWS treats all the accounts on the consolidated bill as one account. Some services, such as Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3 have volume pricing tiers across certain usage dimensions that give the user lower prices when they use the service more. For example, if you use 50 TB in each account you would normally be charged $23*50*3 (because they are 3 different accounts), But with consolidated billing you would be charged $23*50+$22*50*2 (because they are treated as one account) which means that you would save $100.
- AWS services’ costs will be reduced to half the original price
- Each AWS account gets five times the free-tier services capacity
- The consolidated billing feature is just for organizational purposes

You have AWS Basic support, and you have discovered that some AWS resources are being used maliciously, and those resources could potentially compromise your data. What should you do?
- Contact the AWS Security team
- Contact the AWS Customer Service team
- Contact the AWS Concierge team
- **Contact the AWS Abuse team**
  - The AWS Abuse team can assist you when AWS resources are being used to engage in the following types of abusive behavior: spam, denial of service, or other malicious activity. The AWS Abuse team can also assist you when you believe that AWS resources are being used to engage in the following types of abusive behavior: spam, denial of service, or other malicious activity.

What is the AWS database service that allows you to upload data structured in key-value format?
- Amazon Redshift
- Amazon RDS
- **Amazon DynamoDB**
    *  Amazon DynamoDB is a NoSQL database service. NoSQL databases are used for non-structured data that are typically stored in JSON-like, key-value documents.
- Amazon Aurora

You work as an on-premises MySQL DBA. The work of database configuration, backups, patching, and DR can be time-consuming and repetitive. Your company has decided to migrate to the AWS Cloud. Which of the following can help save time on database maintenance so you can focus on data architecture and performance?
- **Amazon RDS** 
    * Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, operating system maintenance, database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to focus on your applications so you can give them the fast performance, high availability, security and compatibility they need. Amazon RDS can be used to host Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, and Microsoft SQL Server databases.
- Amazon DynamoDB
- Amazon Redshift
- Amazon CloudWatch

Your company has a data store application that requires access to a NoSQL database. Which AWS database offering would meet this requirement?
- **Amazon DynamoDB**
    * Amazon DynamoDB is a fast and flexible NoSQL database service for all applications that need consistent, single-digit millisecond latency at any scale. It is a fully managed cloud database and supports both document and key-value store models. Its flexible data model, reliable performance, and automatic scaling of throughput capacity, makes it a great fit for mobile, web, gaming, ad tech, IoT, and many other applications.
- Amazon Elastic Block Store
- Amazon Redshift
- Amazon Aurora


A developer is planning to build a two-tier web application that has a MySQL database layer. Which of the following AWS database services would provide automated backups for the application?
- Amazon Neptune
- Amazon DynamoDB
- A MySQL database installed on an EC2 instance
- **Amazon Aurora**
    * Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud. Amazon Aurora combines the performance and availability of traditional enterprise databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open-source databases. It delivers up to five times the throughput of standard MySQL and up to three times the throughput of standard PostgreSQL. Amazon Aurora is designed to be compatible with MySQL and with PostgreSQL, so that existing applications and tools can run without requiring modification. It is available through Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), freeing you from time-consuming administrative tasks such as provisioning, patching, backup, recovery, failure detection, and repair. Amazon Aurora is available in multiple editions, including a free community edition, a developer edition, and a production-ready enterprise edition.