```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L4.4 AWS S3 Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

If you want to change a part of a file, you must make the change, and then re-upload the entire modified file. This type of storage is called:
- Block storage
- **Object-level storage**
    * Object-level storage, which means that if you want to change a part of a file, you must make the change, and then re-upload the entire modified file.
- Bit storage
- Byte storage

Which of the following is an example of object-level storage?
- **Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)**
- Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

Amazon S3 stores data as objects in resources that are called: _____.
- Lakes
- Files
- **Buckets**
    * Buckets, which are the fundamental containers in Amazon S3 for data storage.
- Folders

What can you store in an Amazon S3 bucket?
- **Any type of data**
    * Any type of data, including files, images, videos, and so on.
- Only text files
- Only images
- Only videos

You can access Amazon S3 via a variety of methods. What are they?
- **Amazon S3 Console, AWS CLI, and AWS SDK**
    * Amazon S3 Console, AWS CLI, and AWS SDK.
- EBS, EFS, and EC2
- Public, private, and hybrid
- AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud

What is the default storage class for Amazon S3?
- **Standard**
    * Standard, which is the default storage class for Amazon S3.
- Standard-IA
- One Zone-IA
- Intelligent-Tiering



