```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L5.19 Lesson 5 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 1
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What is the most important consideration when designing a cloud architecture?
- **The business goal**
- The technology
- The cost
- The time

True or False? The AWS Well-Architected Framework is a methodology for designing and operating systems that are reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective. It is a set of best practices that help you build secure and reliable applications on AWS. It is a set of best practices that help you build secure and reliable applications on AWS.
- **True**
- False

True of False? The six design principles for Operational Excellence are: Perform operations as code, Annotate documentation, Make frequent, small, reversible changes, Refine operations procedures frequently, Anticipate failure, Learn from all operational failures.
- **True**
- False

One of the best practices identified in the AWS Well-Architected Framework is to:
- Use the most expensive AWS services
- Use the most popular AWS services
- Use the most secure AWS services
- **Plan for failure**
    * Which means application or workload downtime. You need to architect your applications and workloads to withstand failure.

There are three types of elastic load balancers. Name them.
- **Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Classic Load Balancer**
- Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Compute Load Balancer
- Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, and Daisy Wheel Load Balancer

______________ is a monitoring and observability service that is built for DevOps engineers, site reliability engineers, and IT managers. It provides you with data and actionable insights to monitor your applications, respond to performance anomalies, and optimize resource utilization.
- **Amazon CloudWatch**
- Amazon EC2 Logs
- Amazon ELB Events
- Amazon Database Alarms
- Amazon Quicksight Metrics

With Amazon CloudWatch you gain system-wide visibility into:
- VPC traffic
- EC2 instance metrics
- S3 bucket metrics
- **Resource utilization, application performance, and operational health**

Why is autoscaling important?
- **It allows you to scale your application to meet demand**
- It allows you to scale your application to meet cost
- It allows you to scale your application to meet security
- It allows you to scale your application to meet time
