```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L2.16 AWS IAM Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

True or False? AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud.
- **True**
    * This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services.
- False

What does the "Principle of Least Privilege" refer to?
- All IAM users should have at least the necessary permissions to access the core AWS services
- IAM users should not be granted any permissions; to keep your account safe
- All trusted IAM users should have access to any AWS service in the respective AWS account
- **You should grant your users only the permissions they need when they need them and nothing more**
    * The principle of least privilege is one of the most important security practices and it means granting users the required permissions to perform the tasks entrusted to them and nothing more. The security administrator determines what tasks users need to perform and then attaches the policies that allow them to perform only those tasks. You should start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions when necessary. Doing so is more secure than starting with permissions that are too lenient and then trying to tighten them down.

Which of the following must an IAM user provide to interact with AWS services using the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)?
- **Access keys** 
    * Access keys consist of an access key ID and secret access key, which are used to sign programmatic requests to AWS using the CLI or the SDK. Access keys are the only way to interact with AWS using the CLI or SDK. You can create, view, and delete access keys for an IAM user in the IAM console.
- Secret token
- Username and password
- User ID

Which of the following services allows customers to manage their agreements with AWS?
- AWS Certificate Manager
- AWS Systems Manager
- **AWS Artifact** 
    * AWS Artifact is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides customers with on-demand access to AWS’ compliance documentation and AWS agreements. You can use AWS Artifact Agreements to review, accept, and track the status of AWS agreements such as the Business Associate Addendum (BAA). You can also use AWS Artifact Compliance to view and download AWS compliance documentation.
- AWS Organizations

An organization has many technical employees who operate their AWS Cloud infrastructure. What does AWS provide to help organize them into teams and then assign the appropriate permissions for each team?
- **IAM Groups**
    * An IAM group is a collection of IAM users that are managed as a unit. Groups let you specify permissions for multiple users, which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users. For example, you could have a group called Admins and give that group the types of permissions that administrators typically need. Any user in that group automatically has the permissions that are assigned to the group. If a new user joins your organization and needs administrator privileges, you can assign the appropriate permissions by adding the user to that group. Similarly, if a person changes jobs in your organization, instead of editing that user's permissions, you can remove him or her from the old groups and add him or her to the appropriate new groups.
- AWS Organizations
- IAM roles
- IAM users

What is the AWS feature that provides an additional level of security above the default authentication mechanism of usernames and passwords?
- **AWS MFA**
    * AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is a simple best practice that adds an extra layer of protection on top of using just your username and password to authenticate.
- Encrypted keys
- AWS KMS
- Email verification

Which of the following is a best practice for managing AWS access keys?
- Use the same access keys for all users
- Use the same access keys for all services
- Use the same access keys for all accounts
- **Rotate access keys regularly**
    * You should rotate your access keys regularly. You can rotate your access keys by creating a new access key and then deleting the old access key. You can also use the AWS CLI to rotate your access keys. You can also use the AWS CLI to rotate your access keys.
