```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L5.10 Cloud Architecture Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```


Architecture is the art and science of designing and building large structures. Large systems require architects to manage their size and complexity. What do cloud architects do? 
- They design and build small homes on mountain tops.
- They design and build large structures in the sky.
- Cloud architects build large waterways.
- **Cloud architects engage with decision makers to identify the business goal and the capabilities that need improvement. They ensure alignment between technology deliverables of a solution and the business goals. They work with delivery teams that are implementing the solution to ensure that the technology features are appropriate.**

What is the most important consideration when designing a cloud architecture?
- **The business goal**
- The technology
- The cost
- The time

True or False? The AWS Well-Architected Framework is a methodology for designing and operating systems that are reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective. It is a set of best practices that help you build secure and reliable applications on AWS. It is a set of best practices that help you build secure and reliable applications on AWS.
- **True**
- False

What are the six pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
- Math, Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Crafts
- Brick & Mortar, Time, Materials, Resources, and Management
- **Operational Excellence, Security, Reliability, Performance Efficiency, Cost Optimization, and Change Management**

True of False? The six design principles for Operational Excellence are: Perform operations as code, Annotate documentation, Make frequent, small, reversible changes, Refine operations procedures frequently, Anticipate failure, Learn from all operational failures.
- **True**
- False

True or False? The six design principles for Security are: Implement a strong identity foundation, Enable traceability, Apply security at all layers, Automate security best practices, Protect data in transit and at rest, Prepare for security events.
- **True**
- False

True or False? The six design principles for Reliability are: Test recovery procedures, Automatically recover from failure, Scale horizontally to increase aggregate system availability, Stop guessing capacity, Manage change in automation, Allow for evolutionary architectures.
- **True**
- False

True or False? The six design principles for Performance Efficiency are: Dematerialize whenever possible, Go global in minutes, Use serverless architectures, Experiment more often, Mechanical sympathy, Eliminate friction.
- **True**
- False

True or False? The six design principles for Cost Optimization are: Adopt a consumption model, Measure overall efficiency, Stop spending money on data center operations, Analyze and attribute expenditure, Use managed services, Optimize for efficiency.
- **True**
- False

True or False? The six design principles for Change Management are: Continuously improve operations and processes, Drive architectures using data, Establish a culture of experimentation, Make workloads portability, Use automation to make architectural experimentation easier, Learn from all operational failures.
- **True**
- False

One of the best practices identified in the AWS Well-Architected Framework is to:
- Use the most expensive AWS services
- Use the most popular AWS services
- Use the most secure AWS services
- **Plan for failure**
    * Which means application or workload downtime. You need to architect your applications and workloads to withstand failure.

What is Mean time between failures (MTBF)??
- The total time between failures of a system.
- The maximum time between failures of a system.
- The minimum time between failures of a system.
- **The average time between failures of a system or total time in service/number of failures.**

True or False? The AWS Trusted Advisor is a service that helps you optimize your AWS environment by providing recommendations for cost savings, security, fault tolerance, and performance.
- **True**
- False
