```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L1.2 Introduction to Big Data Analytics Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

True or False? Big data is when you reach a million records.
- True    
- **False**
    - You have big data when you need multiple computers to process and store it.

Which of the following __is not__ one of the 5Vs of Big Data?
- Velocity
- **Validity**
    - While it's important to have valid data, it is not one of the 5Vs.
- Variety
- Velocity
- Volume
- Veracity
- Value

Which dimension of big data represents the different kinds of data that can be collected?
- Velocity
- Validity
- **Variety**
    - refers to the different forms the data can take, such as images, video, audio, and text.
- Velocity
- Volume
- Veracity
- Value

What is a group of computers harnessed together called?
- Manager
- Worker
- Node
- **Cluster**
    - This is a group of computers that are connected to each other.

What is responsible for controlling the other computers in a cluster?
- **Manager**
    - This is the computer that is responsible for the other computers in the cluster.
- Worker
- Node

What is responsible for doing the work in a cluster?
- Manager
- **Worker**
    - This is the computer that is responsible for doing the work in the cluster.
- Node

What is responsible for storing the data in a cluster?
- Manager
- Worker
- **Node**
    - This is the computer that is responsible for storing the data in the cluster.

What is the process of breaking up a large data set into smaller pieces called?
- **Partitioning**
    - This is the process of breaking up a large data set into smaller pieces.
- Sorting
- Shuffling
- Mapping

What is the process of reorganizing the data so that it is in a more useful order called?
- Partitioning
- **Sorting**
    - This is the process of reorganizing the data so that it is in a more useful order.
- Shuffling
- Mapping

What is the process of moving data from one node to another called?
- Partitioning
- Sorting
- **Shuffling**
    - This is the process of moving data from one node to another.
- Mapping

What is the process of applying a function to each piece of data called?
- Partitioning
- Sorting
- Shuffling
- **Mapping**
    - This is the process of applying a function to each piece of data.

What is the process of combining the results of the map function called?
- Partitioning
- Sorting
- Shuffling
- Mapping
- **Reducing**
    - This is the process of combining the results of the map function.

Other than __Reducing__, What are some of the other terms used to describe the process of combining the results of the map function called?
- Partitioning
- Sorting
- Shuffling
- Mapping
- **Aggregating, Grouping, or Joining**
    - These are other commonly known terms to describe the process of combining the results of the map function.





