```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L2.15 AWS Cloud Security Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Out of the many AWS Management and Governance Services, what would you use to access the AWS Cloud from a browser?
- AWS Command Line Interface
- AWS CloudTrail
- AWS Trusted Advisor
- **AWS Management Console**
    * AWS Management Console is a web-based user interface that allows you to manage your AWS resources. You can use the AWS Management Console to access AWS services, create and manage resources, and view billing information.

What is AWS CLI used for?
- Track user activity and API usage
- **A unified tool to manage AWS services**
    * AWS CLI is a unified tool to manage your AWS services. With just one tool to download and configure, you can control multiple AWS services from the command line and automate them through scripts.
- Create and manage resources with templates
- Create and use standardized products

What is AWS CloudFormation used for?
- **Create and manage resources with templates**
    * AWS CloudFormation is a service that helps you model and set up your Amazon Web Services resources so that you can spend less time managing those resources and more time focusing on your applications that run in AWS.
- Track user activity and API usage
- Create and use standardized products
- A unified tool to manage AWS services

Which is NOT a benefit of AWS Auto Scaling?
- Make Smart Scaling Decisions
- Pay only for what you need
- AWS Auto Scaling can help you optimize your utilization and cost efficiencies when consuming AWS services
- **Allows you to decide when your hardware is used by AWS**
    * AWS Auto Scaling is a web service that automatically adjusts the capacity of a group of Amazon EC2 instances based on the performance of the instances. AWS Auto Scaling can help you optimize your utilization and cost efficiencies when consuming AWS services.

What is AWS CloudTrail?
- **Track user activity and API usage**
    * AWS CloudTrail is a web service that records AWS API calls for your account and delivers log files to you. The recorded information includes the identity of the API caller, the time of the API call, the source IP address of the API caller, the request parameters, and the response elements returned by the AWS service. AWS CloudTrail monitors and records account activity across your AWS infrastructure, giving you control over storage, analysis, and remediation actions.
- Create and manage resources with templates
- Create and use standardized products
- A unified tool to manage AWS services


Which of the following services allows customers to manage their agreements with AWS?
- AWS Organizations
- **AWS Artifact** 
    * is a service that allows customers to manage their agreements with AWS. It provides a single location to view and manage all of your agreements with AWS. You can view, accept, and sign agreements, and view your agreement history. AWS Artifact is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides customers with on-demand access to AWS compliance documentation and AWS agreements.
- AWS Systems Manager
- AWS Certificate Manager


Which statement is true regarding the AWS Shared Responsibility Model?- Patching the guest OS is always the responsibility of AWS
- Security of the IaaS services is the responsibility of AWS
- **Responsibilities vary depending on the services used**
    * Customers should be aware that their responsibilities may vary depending on the AWS services chosen.  For example, when using Amazon EC2, you are responsible for applying operating system and application security patches regularly. However, such patches are applied automatically when using Amazon RDS.
- Security of the managed services is the responsibility of the customer

An organization has decided to purchase an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) for three years in order to reduce costs. It is possible that the application workloads could change during the reservation period. What is the EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) type that will allow the company to exchange the purchased reserved instance for another reserved instance with higher computing power if they need to?
- Elastic RI
- Premium RI
- **Convertible RI**
    * When your needs change, you can exchange your Convertible Reserved Instances and continue to benefit from the reservation's pricing discount. With Convertible RIs, you can exchange one or more Reserved Instances for another Reserved Instance with a different configuration, including instance family, operating system, and tenancy. There are no limits to how many times you perform an exchange, as long as the new Convertible Reserved Instance is of an equal or higher value than the original Convertible Reserved Instances that you are exchanging. You can also exchange your Convertible Reserved Instances for a combination of On-Demand Instances and Reserved Instances.
- Standard RI




 
