```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L4.8 AWS RDS Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Which AWS Service provides persistent relational database storage for use with Amazon EC2 instances?
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
- **Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)**
    * Amazon RDS implements storage for EC2 instances that multiple virtual machines can access at the same time. It is implemented as a Relational Database Service (RDS).

What is meant by relational database storage?
- Relational database storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in blocks.
- **Relational database storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data as objects.**
    * A relational database is a collection of information that organizes data in predefined relationships where data is stored in one or more tables (or "relations") of columns and rows, making it easy to see and understand how different data structures relate to each other.
- Relational database storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in concrete containers.

What is Amazon RDS?
- **Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.**
    * Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an industry-standard relational database and manages common database administration tasks, freeing up developers to focus on what makes their applications and businesses unique.
- Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a noSQL database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an industry-standard noSQL database and manages common database administration tasks, freeing up developers to focus on what makes their applications and businesses unique. It is implemented as a noSQL Database Service (noSQL DBS).
- Amazon RDS is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an industry-standard relational database and manages common database administration tasks, freeing up developers to focus on what makes their applications and businesses unique. It is implemented as a Network File System (NFS).

True or False? For Amazon RDS, AWS manages: 1) the underlying hardware, 2) the operating system, 3) the database engine, 4) the backups, 5) the patches, and 6) the monitoring of the database.
- **True**
    * For Amazon RDS, AWS manages: 1) the underlying hardware, 2) the operating system, 3) the database engine, 4) the backups, 5) the patches, and 6) the monitoring of the database.
- False

True or False? Amazon RDS is a relational database service that supports multiple database engines.
- **True**
    * Amazon RDS is a relational database service that supports multiple database engines such as MySQL, Amazon Aurora, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, and Oracle.
- False

