```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L7.9 Amazon Redshift Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

_________________ uses SQL to analyze structured and semi-structured data across data warehouses, operational databases, and data lakes, using AWS-designed hardware and machine learning to deliver the best price performance at any scale.
1. **Amazon Redshift**
2. AWS Athena
3. AWS EMR
4. AWS Glue

True or False? Amazon Redshift is a fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service in the cloud. You can start with just a few hundred gigabytes of data and scale to a petabyte or more. Your data is stored in columnar format on high-performance disk-based storage, and you can run complex queries using standard SQL. You can also run your data warehouse on your own servers by using Amazon Redshift as a managed service.
1. **True**
2. False

Which IS NOT an Amazon Redshift Use Case?
1. Improve financial and demand forecasts
2. Collaborate and share data
3. Optimize your business intelligence
5. **Increases dataset stamina**
4. Increase developer productivity

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description? Get simplified data access, ingest, and egress from numerous programming languages and platforms without configuring drivers and managing database connections.
1. Improve financial and demand forecasts
2. Collaborate and share data
3. Optimize your business intelligence
4. **Increase developer productivity**

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description?
Automatically create, train, and deploy machine learning models for predictive insights.
1. **Improve financial and demand forecasts**
2. Increase developer productivity
3. Optimize your business intelligence
4. Collaborate and share data

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description? Build insight-driven reports and dashboards using Amazon QuickSight, Tableau, Microsoft PowerBI, or other business intelligence tools.
1. Improve financial and demand forecasts
2. Collaborate and share data
3. **Optimize your business intelligence**
4. Increase developer productivity

Which Redshift Use Case matches the description? Securely share data among accounts, organizations, and partners while building applications on top of third-party data.
1. Improve financial and demand forecasts
2. **Collaborate and share data**
3. Optimize your business intelligence
4. Increase developer productivity

________________ selects the best sort and distribution keys to optimize performance for the cluster’s workload. If Amazon Redshift determines that applying a key will improve cluster performance, tables will be automatically altered without requiring administrator intervention.
1. Amazon Redshift Serverless
2. Query Editor
3. **Automatic Table Optimization**
4. Federated query

Which Redshift feature is NOT a part of the Amazon Redshift Query Editor?
1. **Query History**
2. Analyze query results
3. Create schemas and tables
4. Visualize query results

The ______________________________simplifies data access, ingest, and egress from programming languages and platforms supported by the AWS SDK, such as Python, Go, Java, Node.js, PHP, Ruby, and C++.
1. **Amazon Redshift Data API**
2. Amazon Redshift Query Editor
3. Amazon Redshift Serverless
4. Amazon Redshift Federated Query

With the new _______________ capability in Amazon Redshift, you can reach into your operational relational database. Query live data across one or more Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) and Aurora PostgreSQL and RDS MySQL and Aurora MySQL databases to get instant visibility into the full business operations without requiring data movement.
1. Amazon Redshift Serverless
2. Amazon Redshift Data API
3. Amazon Redshift Query Editor
4. **Amazon Redshift Federated Query**


With _________________, you can use SQL statements to create and train Amazon SageMaker models on your data in Amazon Redshift and then use those models for predictions such as churn detection, financial forecasting, personalization, and risk scoring directly in your queries and reports.
1. Amazon Redshift Data API
2. Amazon Redshift Federated Query
3. **Amazon Redshift Machine Learning**
4. Amazon Redshift Query Editor








