```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L4.5 AWS EFS Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

Which AWS Service provides persistent file storage for use with Amazon EC2 instances?
- Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
- Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
- **Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)**
    * Amazon EFS implements storage for EC2 instances that multiple virtual machines can access at the same time. In is implemented as a Network File System (NFS).
- Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

What is meant by file storage?
- File storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in blocks.
- **File storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data as objects.**
- File storage is a type of storage that is designed to store data in concrete containers.

What is a Network File System (NFS)?
- **NFS is a distributed file system protocol**
    * NFS is a distributed file system protocol originally developed by Sun Microsystems in 1984. It was designed to let multiple users on client computers access files on a network, making it a distributed file system.
- NFS is a distributed file system protocol originally developed by Microsoft in 1984.
- NFS is a distributed file system protocol originally developed by Amazon in 1984.
- NFS is a distributed file system protocol originally developed by Google in 1984.

True or False? Amazon EFS file systems can automatically scale from gigabytes to petabytes of data without the need to provision storage. Thousands of Amazon EC2 images can access an Amazon EFS file system at the same time. 
- **True**
    * Amazon EFS file systems can automatically scale from gigabytes to petabytes of data without the need to provision storage. Thousands of Amazon EC2 images can access an Amazon EFS file system at the same time.
- False

True or False? Amazon EFS file systems can be mounted on multiple EC2 instances at the same time.
- **True**
- False

