```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L1.5 Advantages of Cloud Computing Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What are the advantages of cloud computing over computing on premises?

- Trade capital for variable expense
- Economies of scale
- Stop guessing capacity
- Increase speed and agility
- Stop runaway data center costs
- Go global in minutes
- **All of the Above**
  - Lots of benefits indeed

What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as-needed basis?

- Pay as you decommission
- **Pay as you go**
  - This is the pricing model that enables AWS customers to pay for resources on an as-needed basis.
- Pay as you buy
- Pay as you reserve

Which of these is NOT a cloud computing model?

- Platform as a Service
- Infrastructure as a Service
- **System Administration as a Service**
  - This is not a cloud computing model.
- Software as a Service

True or False? AWS owns and maintains the network-connected hardware required for application services, while you provision and use what you need.

- **True**
  - AWS owns and maintains the hardware while you provision what you need.
- False

Which of these is NOT a benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing?(Select the best answer)

- Increase speed and agility
- Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs
- Trade capital expense for variable expense
- Benefit from massive economies of scale
- **Pay for racking, stacking, and Powering servers**
  - Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers is NOT a benefit of cloud computing.

Which is NOT a benefit of AWS Cloud computing?
- **Multiple procurement cycles and High availability**
  - Multiple procurement cycles and High availability are NOT benefits of AWS Cloud computing.
- High latency
- Temporary resources
- Fault-tolerant databases
- Pay as you go
- Scalability

Which of the following is a compute service?

- Amazon VPC
- Amazon S3
- **Amazon EC2**
  - Amazon EC2 is a compute service.
- Amazon CloudFront
- Amazon Redshift

True or False?, Cloud computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet.

- **True**
  - Cloud computing provides a simple way to access servers, storage, databases, and a broad set of application services over the internet.
- False

Economies of scale result from _________.(Select the best answer)

- having many different cloud providers
- having hundreds of cloud services available over the internet
- having to invest heavily in data centers and servers
- **having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud**
  - Economies of scale result from having hundreds of thousands of customers aggregated in the cloud.

Which of these are ways to access AWS core services (Select the best answer.)

- Technical Support Calls
- AWS Marketplace
- **AWS Console, CLI and SDKs**
  - AWS Console, CLI and SDKs are the three ways to access the AWS core services.