```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L3.9 AWS Content Delivery Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```
What AWS Service is used to provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds?
- Amazon S3
- **Amazon CloudFront**
    - Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developer friendly environment.
- Amazon EC2
- Amazon RDS

What is the purpose of a CDN?
- To provide a secure environment for data storage.
- To provide a secure environment for data processing.
- **To provide fast content delivery service that securely delivers data to customers at high transfer speeds.**
    - A content delivery network (CDN) is a system of distributed servers (network) that deliver webpages and other web content to a user based on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage and a content delivery server.
- To provide a secure environment for data transmission.

Amazon CloudFront relies on which Amazon service for geolocating routing requests?
- **Amazon Route 53**
    - Basically Route 53 determines the customers location, and it responds with the IP address of the edge closest to their location. CloudFront then obtains the data from where it normally lives and copies it to the edge location. Then the customer's user experience begins. As data becomes stale, it is removed from the cache at the edge location in order to make room for new content. You can define the expiration of data in the cache using a time-to-live number. This defines the amount of time in which the data cache will remain valid. If the data is not accessed within the TTL, it will be removed from the cache.
- Amazon EC2
- Amazon S3
- Amazon RDS


