```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L2.22 Ensuring Compliance Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

A global company with many AWS accounts is seeking a way in which they can centrally manage billing and security policies across all accounts. Which AWS Service will assist them in meeting these goals?
- **AWS Organizations**
    - AWS Organizations helps customers centrally govern their environments as they grow and scale their workloads on AWS. Whether customers are a growing startup or a large enterprise, Organizations helps them to centrally manage billing; control access, compliance, and security; and share resources across their AWS accounts. AWS Organizations has five main benefits: 
        1) Centrally manage access polices across multiple AWS accounts.
        2) Automate AWS account creation and management. 
        3) Control access to AWS services. 
        4) Consolidate billing across multiple AWS accounts. 
        5) Configure AWS services across multiple accounts.
- AWS Trusted Advisor
- IAM Groups
- AWS Config

Your company is developing a critical web application in AWS, and the security of the application is a top priority. Which of the following AWS services will provide infrastructure security optimization recommendations?
- AWS Secrets Manager
- **AWS Trusted Advisor**
    - AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor checks your AWS environment and provides recommendations for cost optimization, performance, security, fault tolerance, and service limits. Trusted Advisor is available at no additional charge to all AWS customers, and is updated daily. Trusted Advisor is available in the AWS Management Console, the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI), and the AWS SDKs. Trusted Advisor is available in the following regions: US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (Oregon), EU (Ireland), EU (Frankfurt), Asia Pacific (Tokyo), Asia Pacific (Singapore), Asia Pacific (Sydney), and Canada (Central).
- AWS Shield
- AWS Management Console

You have noticed that several critical Amazon EC2 instances have been terminated. Which of the following AWS services would help you determine who took this action?
- Amazon Inspector
- **AWS CloudTrail**
    - AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services. This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting.
- EC2 Instance Usage Report
- AWS Trusted Advisor

A company is concerned that they are spending money on underutilized compute resources in AWS. Which AWS feature will help ensure that their applications are automatically adding/removing EC2 compute capacity to closely match the required demand?
- AWS Cost Explorer
- AWS Elastic Load Balancer
- AWS Budgets
- **AWS Auto Scaling**
    * AWS Auto Scaling is the feature that automates the process of adding/removing server capacity (based on demand). Autoscaling allows you to reduce your costs by automatically turning off resources that aren’t in use. On the other hand, Autoscaling ensures that your application runs effectively by provisioning more server capacity if required. AWS Auto Scaling is a web service that automatically adjusts the capacity of a group of Amazon EC2 instances based on the current demand for the instances. You can use AWS Auto Scaling to help ensure that you have the correct number of Amazon EC2 instances available to handle the load for your application. You can also use AWS Auto Scaling to help maintain performance and availability for your application and to help reduce your Amazon EC2 costs.

What is the AWS service that enables AWS architects to manage infrastructure as code?
- AWS Config
- Amazon EMR
- **AWS CloudFormation**
    - AWS CloudFormation allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all regions and accounts. You create a template that describes all the AWS resources that you want (like Amazon EC2 instances or Amazon RDS DB instances), and AWS.
- Amazon SES

What does AWS provide to deploy popular technologies - such as IBM MQ - on AWS with the least amount of effort and time?
- Amazon CloudWatch
- Amazon Aurora
- **AWS Quick Start reference deployments**
    * AWS Quick Start Reference Deployments outline the architectures for popular enterprise solutions on AWS and provide AWS CloudFormation templates to automate their deployment. Each Quick Start launches, configures, and runs the AWS compute, network, storage, and other services required to deploy a specific workload on AWS, using AWS best practices for security and availability. Quick Starts are built by AWS solutions architects and partners to help you deploy popular technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices. These accelerators reduce hundreds of manual installation and configuration procedures into just a few steps, so you can build your production environment quickly and start using it immediately.
- AWS OpsWorks

You have deployed your application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Your customers complain that sometimes they can’t reach your application. Which AWS service allows you to monitor the performance of your EC2 instances to assist in troubleshooting these issues?
- **Amazon CloudWatch**
    - Amazon CloudWatch is a service that monitors AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, set alarms, and automatically react to changes in your AWS resources. Amazon CloudWatch can monitor AWS resources such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, and Amazon RDS DB instances, as well as custom metrics generated by your applications and services, and any log files your applications generate. You can use CloudWatch to detect anomalous behavior in your environments, take automated actions, troubleshoot issues, and discover insights to keep your applications running smoothly. CloudWatch is available at no additional charge to all AWS customers.
- AWS Lambda
- AWS Config
- AWS CloudTrail

A company is deploying a new two-tier web application in AWS. Where should the most frequently accessed data be stored so that the application’s response time is optimal?
- AWS OpsWorks
- **Amazon ElastiCache**
    - Amazon ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to deploy, operate, and scale an in-memory data store or cache in the cloud. The service improves the performance of web applications by allowing you to retrieve information from fast, managed, in-memory data stores, instead of relying entirely on slower disk-based databases. The primary purpose of an in-memory data store is to provide ultra fast (sub-millisecond latency) and inexpensive access to copies of data. Querying a database is always slower and more expensive than locating a copy of that data in a cache. Some database queries are especially expensive to perform. An example is queries that involve joins across multiple tables or queries with intensive calculations. By caching (storing) such query results, you pay the price of the query only once. Then you can quickly retrieve the data multiple times without having to re-execute the query.
- AWS Storage Gateway
- Amazon EBS volume

