```c-lms
activity-type: quiz
activity-name: DS107L3.4 AWS Networking Quiz
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What is a computer network?
- a set of peripheral devices that are connected to a computer.
- a set of software applications that are installed on a computer.
- **a set of computers that are connected to each other.**
    * A computer network consists of two or more computers connected together in order to communicate. A network can be logically partitioned into subnets. Networking requires network equipment such as routers or switches. These devices connect all the computers together and enables communication between them.
- a set of hardware devices that are connected to a computer.

What is a subnet?
- A domain name system (DNS) server.
- **A logical partition of a network.**
    * A subnet is a logical partition of a network. A subnet is a group of IP addresses that are grouped together and assigned to a network. A subnet is a subset of an IP network. A subnet is a logical subdivision of an IP network. A subnet is a group of IP addresses that are grouped together and assigned to a network. A subnet is a subset of an IP network. A subnet is a logical subdivision of an IP network.
- A network address translation (NAT) gateway.
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).

A 32 bit IP address is called an ________.
- **IPv4 address.**
    * IPv4 is a 32-bit address. IPv6 is a 128-bit address.
- IPv6 address.
- a subnet mask.
- a virtual private cloud (VPC).

What is Classless Inter-Domain Routing or CIDR?
- An IPv6 address.
- **A CIDR address is expressed as an IP address, which is the first address of the network followed by a / (forward slash character).**
    * A CIDR address is expressed as an IP address, which is the first address of the network followed by a / (forward slash character). The number after the / is the number of bits in the network mask. The number of bits in the network mask is the number of bits that are set to 1 in the network mask. The number of bits in the network mask is the number of bits that are set to 1 in the network mask.
- A subnet mask.
- A virtual private network (VPN).

What is a network mask?
- **A network mask is a 32-bit number that is used to identify the network portion of an IP address.**
    * A network mask is a 32-bit number that is used to identify the network portion of an IP address. The network mask is used to identify the network portion of an IP address. The network mask is used to identify the network portion of an IP address.
- A VPN identifier
- An Application Programming Interface (API).

The Open System Interconnection (OSI) Model?
- A four layer model decribing an application hierarchy.
- A six layer model descirbing a network hierarchy.
- **A seven layer model describing an application hierarchy.**
    * The OSI model is a conceptual model that is used to explain data as it travels over a network and which layer the computer may receive it at. The OSI model is a conceptual model that is used to explain data as it travels over a network and which layer the computer may receive it at.
- A Virtual Private Network (VPN) that connects to a public network.

What is a router and what layer of the OSI model does it operate at?
- **A router is a device that forwards data packets between networks.**
    * A router is a device that forwards data packets between networks.
- A device that operates at the data link layer.
- A device that operates at the session layer.
- A device that operates at the application layer.


What is a switch and what layer of the OSI model does it normally operate at?
- **A device that operates at the data link layer.**
    * The key difference between hubs, switches and bridges is that hubs operate at Layer 1 of the OSI model, while bridges and switches work with MAC addresses at Layer 2. Hubs broadcast incoming traffic on all ports, whereas bridges and switches only route traffic towards their addressed destinations.
- A device that operates at the session layer.
- A device that operates at the application layer.
- A device that forwards data packets between networks. 

True of False? A VPC is a virtual network that is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud.
- **True**
    * A VPC is a virtual network that is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud.
- False

What is a A network address translation (NAT) gateway?
- **A NAT gateway is a managed service that allows instances in a private subnet to connect to the internet or other AWS services, but prevents the internet from initiating a connection with those instances.**
    * A NAT gateway is a managed service that allows instances in a private subnet to connect to the internet or other AWS services, but prevents the internet from initiating a connection with those instances.
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).
- A virtual private network (VPN).
- A subnet.

What is a virtual private cloud (VPC)?
- **A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account.**
    * A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud. You can launch your AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into your VPC. You can specify an IP address range for the VPC, add subnets, associate security groups, and configure route tables.
- A virtual private network (VPN).
- A subnet.
- A network address translation (NAT) gateway.

What is an Elastic Interface (EI)?
- **An Elastic Interface (EI) is a virtual network interface that is attached to a virtual machine (VM).**
    * An Elastic Interface (EI) is a virtual network interface that is attached to a virtual machine (VM). An elastic network interface is a virtual network interface that you can: 1. Attach to an instance. 2. Detach from an instance, and attach to another instance to redirect network traffic. 3. Its attributes follow when it is reattached to a new instance. 4. Each instance in your VPC has a default network interface that is assigned a private IPv4 address from the IPv4 range of your VPC.
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).
- A virtual private network (VPN).
- A subnet.

What is a a route table?
- **A route table is a set of rules, called routes, that are used to determine where network traffic from your subnet or gateway is directed.**
    * A route table is a set of rules, called routes, that are used to determine where network traffic from your subnet or gateway is directed. Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with a route table. If you don't explicitly associate a subnet with any route table, the subnet is automatically associated with the main route table. The main route table cannot be deleted.
- A backplane switch platform.
- A set of applications that are installed on a computer.
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).

What is VPC Peering?
- **VPC peering enables you to route traffic between two VPCs using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances behave as if they are within the same network when peering is enabled.**
    * VPC peering enables you to route traffic between two VPCs using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances behave as if they are within the same network when peering is enabled. You can peer VPCs with other AWS accounts and with your own VPCs. You cannot peer VPCs with on-premises networks.
- A virtual private cloud that is hardware based.
- A virtual private cloud that is software based.
- A virtual private cloud that is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud.

What is a AWS VPC Endpoint?
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).
- A virtual private network (VPN).
- A subnet.
- **A VPC Endpoint is a virtual device that enables you to privately connect your VPC to these supported services.**
    * On occasion, you will need to connect VPC resources to AWS regional services like Amazon S3 and DynamoDB.  A VPC gateway endpoint is a gateway that you specify as a target for a route in your route table, for traffic destined to either Amazon S3 or Amazon DynamoDB. Traffic destined for Amazon S3 or Amazon DynamoDB is routed to the endpoint, and then to the service. You can create an endpoint for each supported service in each Availability Zone in your VPC. You can create an endpoint for each supported service in each Availability Zone in your VPC.


What is DNS Resolution?
- It switches between two different networks.
- It is a distribution network.
- It is a network that is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS cloud. 
- **It is the process of translating an internal name to the corresponding IP address.**
    * The DNS protocol stands for Domain Name System and it functions as a phone book where internet names are replaced for the IP addresses of the corresponding machines.

What is Amazon Route 53?
- **Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service.**
    * Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is designed to give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and cost effective way to route end users to Internet applications by translating names like www.example.com into the numeric IP addresses.
- Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Compute Engine.
- Amazon Route 53 is an Elastic Load Balancer.
- Amazon Route 53 is a collision avoidance protocol.

What is AWS site-to-site VPN?
- **AWS site-to-site VPN is a service that enables you to create a secure connection between your data center and your VPC.**
    * AWS site-to-site VPN is a service that enables you to create a secure connection between your data center and your VPC. You can use a VPN connection to access your VPC from your data center, or from a remote location. You can also use a VPN connection to access your VPC from your data center, or from a remote location.
- AWS site-to-site VPN is a service that enables you to create a secure connection between your data at the edge and your VPC.
- AWS site-to-site VPN is a service that enables you to create a secure connection between your mobile data and your VPC.

Which AWS networking service provides increased network performance and availability for your systems and applications?
- **AWS Direct Connect**
    * AWS Direct Connect enables you to establish a dedicated private connection between your network and one of the direct connect locations. This private connection can increase bandwidth, throughput, and provide a more consistent experience than Internet-based connections or VPN connections. Direct Connect uses open standard 802.1q virtual local area networks.
- AWS Elastic Load Balancer.
- AWS Elastic Compute Cloud.
- AWS Elastic Block Store.

How would you connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well. Which AWS service would you use to solve this problem?
- AWS Direct Connect.
- AWS Elastic Load Balancer.
- AWS Elastic Compute Cloud.
- **AWS Transit Gateway**
    * AWS Transit Gateway is a hub-and-spoke virtual network service that enables you to connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well. AWS Transit Gateway is a hub-and-spoke virtual network service that enables you to connect hundreds of VPCs together. Each VPC pair requires a dedicated peering connection. Note: The complexity of connectivity can become a heavy burden and won't scale well.

In AWS, what is a Security Group?
- **A security group is a set of firewall rules that control the traffic for one or more instances.**
    * A security group is a set of firewall rules that control the traffic for one or more instances. When you launch an instance in a VPC, you can assign up to five security groups to the instance. Security groups act at the instance level, not the subnet level. Therefore, each instance in a subnet in your VPC can be assigned to a different set of security groups. Security groups are stateful. If you reply to a request, the response traffic is allowed, even if it doesn't match a security group rule.
- A WAF.
- A firewall.
- A virtual private cloud (VPC).

What is a Network Access Control List (NACL)?
- **A network access control list (NACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets.**
    * A network access control list (NACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets. When you create a subnet, you can associate it with a network ACL. The network ACL has a set of numbered rules that are evaluated in order. Each rule has an action (allow or deny) and a number. When a packet matches a rule, AWS processes it according to the rule's action. If the packet doesn't match any of the rules, the action for the default rule is applied. The default rule denies all traffic.
- A network access control list (NACL) is an wireless access point.
- A network access control list (NACL) is a virtual private cloud (VPC).
- A network access control list (NACL) is a firewall.



