```c-lms
activity-type: exam
activity-name: DS107L6.11 Lesson 6 Exam
max-attempts: 3
shuffle-questions: false
points-per-question: 0
due-at: 100%
close-at: end-of-module
```

What is Amazon S3 Storage Class Analysis?
- A tool or feature to understand traffic patterns.
- A tool or feature to understand application patterns.
- **A feature that enables you to analyze access patterns in your Amazon S3 bucket and identify the storage class that best meets your needs.**
- A tool or feature to understand storage patterns.

To prevent accidental deletions, enable ___________________________ on an S3 bucket.
- **Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Delete**
- Encryption
- Logging
- Versioning

________________ delivers organization-wide visibility into object storage usage, activity trends, and makes actionable recommendations to improve cost-efficiency and apply data protection best practices. 
- Amazon S3 Storage Analytics
- Amazon S3 Storage Insights
- **Amazon S3 Storage Lens**
- Amazon S3 Storage Management

_____________________ for S3 is a feature that helps you simplify permissions management as you set, verify, and refine policies for your S3 buckets and access points.
- **IAM Access Analyzer**
- S3 Block Public Access
- S3 Access Control Lists (ACLs)
- S3 Object Policies

_________________ is a hybrid cloud storage service that lets you seamlessly connect and extend your on-premises applications to AWS Storage.
- **AWS Storage Gateway**
- AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- AWS CloudTrail
- AWS CloudWatch

Athena is out-of-the-box integrated with _______________________, allowing you to create a unified metadata repository across various services, crawl data sources to discover schemas and populate your Catalog with new and modified table and partition definitions, and maintain schema versioning.
- Amazon S3
- **AWS Glue Data Catalog**
- Amazon Snowball
- Amazon S3 Glacier

You can also use AWS Glue to _______________ data sources to discover data and populate your Data Catalog with new and modified table and partition definitions.
- **Automatically Crawl**
- Create
- Delete
- Update

True or False? You can invoke your SageMaker Machine Learning models in an Athena SQL query to run inference.
- **True**
- False

